-products information
Nanocrystal wireless charging version introduction instrument SPE18CYT
The nanocrystal nanochip introduction device acts on the skin through high-frequency vibration, increasing the absorption of active substances by 10-20 times without breaking the skin. For consumers, there is no bleeding, no pain, and no repair period. You can apply makeup after half an hour
Integrated charging, three-speed adjustment

SPE30 home version
The nanocrystal nanochip introduction device acts on the skin through high-frequency vibration, increasing the absorption of active substances by 10-20 times without breaking the skin. For consumers, there is no bleeding, no pain, and no repair period. You can apply makeup after half an hour
Battery model

Introduction of nanocrystal wireless chargingInstrument SPE10BYT
The nanocrystal nanochip introduction device acts on the skin through high-frequency vibration, increasing the absorption of active substances by 10-20 times without breaking the skin. For consumers, there is no bleeding, no pain, and no repair period. You can apply makeup after half an hour
Integrated charging, three-speed adjustment

Little dolphin beauty instrument
Nanocrystal nano chip introduction device can deeply clean pores, improve blackheads, improve oil clogging, and shrink pores

Nanocrystal Red Light Penetration Booster SPE 41
The nanocrystal nano chip introduction device penetrates deep into the mesoderm to brighten and rejuvenate the skin, reduce fine lines, refine pores, and remove acne and light marks.

nanochip
Nanochips are developed based on the structure of human skin. Made of high-purity monocrystalline silicon, its nanolattice is less than 80 nanometers. It acts on the stratum corneum of the skin through high-frequency pulses, which can quickly clear skin channels and increase the absorption of active substances by 10-20 times.
Nano chip W series: suitable for SPE 18CYT, SPE30, SPE32
Nanochip L series: suitable for SPE 10BYT, SPE10B
Huanqin chip: It is a versatile chip, suitable for sensitive skin and skin around the eyes, and can be used every day
Aqua Chip: Suitable for healthy skin, use once every other day
Easy to use chip: suitable for acne scars, use frequency 2-3 times a week
Meixin chip: suitable for stretch marks and hair growth, use 1-2 times a week

Nanocrystalline Niacinamide Bright Eye Serum
Based on the research and development and production suitable for the introduction and use of nano wafers. Its active ingredients reduce puffiness, improve dullness and soothe skin. It can very well improve eye skin problems such as fine lines and dry lines at the corners of the eyes, eye bags, dark circles, etc.

Nanocrystal polypeptide repair essence
Palmitoyl pentapeptide-4, palmitoyl tripeptide-1, acetyl hexapeptide-8, arginine/lysine peptide and other ingredients can reduce fine lines; purslane extract soothes and repairs; niacinamide improves skin tone Dullness; sodium hyaluronate, hydrating and moisturizing

Nanocrystalline Niacinamide Brightening Serum
Based on the research and development and production suitable for the introduction and use of nano wafers. Contains ingredients such as tranexamic acid, nicotinamide, and glutathione, which can effectively block the formation of melanin and improve dull skin tone. Solve the problems of dry and dehydrated skin, lack of luster, redness and discomfort.

Nano Crystal Purifying and Renewing Essence
Improve acne, control oil, soothe and repair, and improve dull skin tone.

Nanocrystalline Amino Acid Soothing Cleansing Mousse
It is compounded with multiple amino acid ingredients and multiple plant essences such as gentian root, centella asiatica, peony root bark, etc., which can cleanse and nourish the skin at the same time. It is skin-friendly and has strong cleaning power. The pH value is close to the pH value of human skin. It can be used by babies with sensitive skin and acne-prone skin. The foam is rich and delicate, deeply cleansing the dirt at the bottom of the skin, and the capacity is very large.

Nanocrystal purslane soothing and repairing mask
Purslane extract soothes sensitive skin, revitalizes and soothes, is antibacterial, anti-inflammatory, and antioxidant. Sodium hyaluronate and sodium polyglutamate are powerful moisturizers, improve skin nutrition metabolism, and prevent aging. Alcohol-free, fragrance-free, mineral oil-free, hormone-free, additive-free and safe formula

Nano crystal cleansing and rejuvenating mask
The specially developed formula restores moisture, has antibacterial and anti-inflammatory effects, improves facial dullness, purifies and whitens the skin at the same time.

Nanocrystal Purslane Soothing Repair Moisturizing Lotion
Pure herbal formula, rich in squalane, shea butter, sodium hyaluronate and purslane extract, without alcohol, fragrance, mineral oil, hormones and any irritating ingredients. Refreshing and revitalizing technology gently cares for the stratum corneum, soothes the skin while balancing water and oil, improves excessive oil secretion, locks in moisture and moisturizes while nourishing the skin. It feels good on the skin, not greasy or tight. Repair skin barrier, smooth skin, and unlock youthful skin

Nanocrystal polypeptide rejuvenating essence milk
Rejuvenating and anti-wrinkle, giving the skin enough "hydropower" to keep the skin fresh and transparent; improving sebum secretion, allowing the skin to return to tender and smooth girlish skin in a relaxed state

Product usage scenarios
What you want to communicate with users
product effect
Compared with hand application, it can increase the absorption of active substances by 10-20 times. No skin breakage, no pain, and no recovery period. Especially for fine lines around the eyes, it has an instant wrinkle-removing effect in 30 seconds, and you can put on makeup half an hour after use.
Product reputation
Najing is a leading technology-based beauty brand recognized by the AAD Annual Meeting of Dermatologists in the United States.，Rigorous clinical data verification. A total of 139 patents have been applied for and exported to more than 20 countries and regions. More than 100 million nanochips have been sold, and the allergy rate is less than 1 in 10,000.
The scientific basis of the product
Nano wafers use monocrystalline silicon imported from the United States as raw material. The imported material has a purity of up to 99.9999% and is processed by nano micro-carving technology. The nanocrystal introduction device drives the bumps of nanochips smaller than 80 nanometers to massage the facial skin at high frequency. It can quickly clear the skin absorption channels, help the active ingredients penetrate into the deep layers of the skin, and promote the rapid absorption of nutrients.
How to use the product
Install the nano chip into the electric penetration enhancer, turn on the instrument, adjust it to the appropriate setting and start introducing the essence. Press and hold the switch to start, and use a little lifting or sliding technique to slide it regularly on the skin. After introducing the essence, it is recommended to apply an alcohol-free medical hydrating mask for 15-20 minutes.
Product precautions
Keep the face moist with the essence during the entire introduction process, and the operation time is 3-5 minutes. When using it, you must pay attention to the 333 principle. The intensity of use should not exceed 3 minutes (touch the skin lightly), the same area should not be operated more than 3 times, and the dwell time should not exceed 3 seconds.

Respond to user questions

What is the principle of nanochips?
The nanowafer uses monocrystalline silicon imported from the United States as raw material. The imported material has a purity of up to 99.9999% and is processed by nano micro-carving technology. The nanocrystal introduction device drives the bumps of nanochips smaller than 80 nanometers to massage the facial skin at high frequency. It can quickly clear the skin absorption channels, help the active ingredients penetrate into the deep layers of the skin, and promote the rapid absorption of nutrients.

Why can’t nanochips be used twice?
Take vaccination as an example to explain why vaccine needles cannot be used twice. This is because after the active ingredients enter, they kill bacteria and viruses, and then stimulate the immune system to regenerate, but the corpses of bacteria still remain on the needle, and the ET protein is still there. If it is used a second time, bacteria may be introduced next time and there is a risk of allergic reactions. The same reason why nanochips cannot be used twice.

What is the difference between nanocrystalline and microcrystalline?
Nanocrystalline is an upgraded version of microcrystalline. It is a thousand times finer than nanocrystalline. It is truly non-invasive, non-breaking and has data support.

Which ingredients can be imported and which ingredients are not suitable for import?
Do not import ordinary toners and products containing alcohol or corrosive ingredients, daily use of fruit acids, high concentrations of vitamin C, etc., products containing toxic or irritating products such as lead and mercury, cream facial skin care products, and colored products. Skin care products (skin care products containing Chinese herbal medicine). Nanocrystal supporting liquid is specially developed for massage introduction and can be used as the first choice supporting product for users who use nanochip beauty instruments for the first time. For skin care products that are used together for the first time, first perform a skin test on the inside of the wrist or behind the ear. If there is no discomfort, you can use it with confidence.

What is the difference between nanocrystal and water injection?
Hydra-light acupuncture uses mesodermal therapy to open skin channels through steel needles, and inject hyaluronic acid or collagen and other substances to make the skin moist and bright. Hydraulic injection needs to pierce the surface of the skin, destroy the skin barrier, and cause bleeding and pain. It needs to be operated by a professional doctor, and anesthesia and disinfection are required before the operation.
Nanocrystalline nanochips and Meixin chips are close to the dermis. The imported products are between the epidermis and dermis and will not be metabolized by the body. Although the effect is not as fast as the water-light needle, but if you continue to use nanocrystals, The effect is always there and there is no trauma

How long does it take for Najing’s products to take effect?
Nanocrystals increase the absorption and permeability. If you use high-purity hyaluronic acid solution, EGF, and epidermal growth medicine together, you will immediately feel the difference in absorption, and your skin will feel more delicate, whiter, and smoother. However, we cannot forcefully improve the efficacy of products in order to pursue effects, influence the laws of nature, and must do so in a safe and step-by-step environment.
Most customers can clearly feel their skin problems improving after one month of use. The skin metabolism cycle is 28-56 days. It mainly depends on individual skin absorption.
How long does it take to use nanocrystalline nanochips for skin care?
The skin care time is 3-5 minutes, and the eye care is about 30 seconds-1 minute.

What skin problems can Nanocrystal solve?
Acne removal, acne marks, acne closure, hydration, whitening, wrinkle removal (nasolabial folds, crow's feet...), blemishes, hair growth, sensitive skin repair, and redness reduction. Paired with skin care products with corresponding effects, Najing is a skin care robot with three heads and six arms that can meet your multiple skin care needs.

What are the precautions for using nanochips?
(1) Ingredients of imported products: Products that are toxic, such as lead or mercury, or irritating acids or fruit acids, must be skin tested on the inside of the wrist or behind the ear before use. Nanocrystal supporting liquid is specially developed for massage introduction and can be used as the first choice supporting product for users who use nanochip beauty instruments for the first time. 
(2) How to use: Follow the 333 principle, use no more than 3 minutes (lightly touch the skin), operate the same part no more than 3 times, and stay no more than 3 seconds. For the whole face, it is recommended to use a point-lifting or smoothing method. Do not press the skin too hard. It is better to apply it lightly to the skin without any depression.  
(3) The chip must be for one-time use

Everyone's skin thickness is different. How to ensure that it is effective for thick skin?
Experiments have been conducted to verify that as long as the stratum corneum barrier is overcome, the effects are similar.

Does the crystal itself have this function, or is it the function of the essence?
Nanocrystals and essence complement each other. The concept of 1+1>2 helps the active ingredients to be better absorbed. Compared with hand application, the absorption can be increased by 10-20 times. As for the effect you want to achieve, it depends on the content in the essence. Determined by the active substance itself

The diameter of the nanocrystal skin contact point is very small. During household operation, is there a risk of breakage caused by improper operation?
No, we subjected the chip to a 30-minute fatigue test and 300,000 puncture tests. After the test, we found that the bumps of the chip not only did not break, but did not even wear out at all.

Why are Nanocrystal chips more expensive than those of other brands? Why are they more expensive? Is there any difference in the effect?
Nanochips are made of high-quality plastic raw materials and high-purity monocrystalline silicon imported from the United States, which is significantly different from recycled plastics on the market. They are Non-invasive, painless, safe and efficient: The material of nanocrystalline nanochips is single crystal silicon with a purity of 99.9999%, which is lead-free and mercury-free. It has excellent biocompatibility, high strength, and no risk of wear and fracture. Moreover, the nanocrystal is based on high-purity raw materials, so that the diameter of the skin contact point is only 80 nanometers, which is one thousandth of the diameter of a human hair, making it truly non-invasive and painless. And through high-frequency massage with the nanocrystal penetration promoting device, it can drive the nanochips to establish millions of skin absorption channels in a few minutes, helping the effective ingredients to penetrate and absorb, which is very efficient. Nanocrystal is the first brand of nanochip technology and is at the top level in the industry

What is the chip model, scope of application, and frequency of use?
The Huanqin chip is a versatile chip, especially suitable for people with sensitive skin. It can repair the skin barrier and can be used every day; the Aqua chip is suitable for users with a healthy barrier layer and can be used for daily care items, such as moisturizing, whitening and brightening, etc., and can be used every other day Use; Yicong chip is suitable for projects such as freckle removal and acne removal, and can be used 1-2 times a week when paired with antibacterial, anti-inflammatory, darkening and freckle removal products; Meixin chip is suitable for scalp hair growth projects or stretch marks, and can be used weekly 1-2

Product usage scenarios

Sensitive skin
Combined with the use of Huanqin chips and the introduction of hyaluronic acid, it can repair the damaged skin barrier. Can be used every day

Whitening, moisturizing, hydrating
For use withwaterywafer, importEssence containing hyaluronic acid, niacinamide and other whitening and moisturizing ingredients, used every other day

Freckle removal
For use withDisguisewafer, imported containingtranexamic acidwaitFreckle removalEssence of ingredients,1-2 times a week

Remove acne and blackheads
Use the easy-to-use chip to import theAzelayldiglycine, purslane, hyaluronic acidEssence with equal ingredients, 1-2 times a week

Remove wrinkles
Wrinkle removal around eyesFor use withHuanqinChip, introduce hyaluronic acid, polypeptidewaitRemove wrinklesEssence of ingredients,Can be used every day
If the facial skin is sensitive, use Huanqin chip. If the facial skin is normal, use Aqua chip. It can be used every day.

stretch marks
For use withMeixinwafer,Import corresponding functional ingredients, 1-2 times a week

grow hair
For use withMeixinChip, import the corresponding functional ingredients,1-2 times a week


